src/example-app/README.md, before:

# Example Application

This is an example application with the intention of helping you understand how the project can intergrate into your own code bases.
Thus, this application is a skeleton project with its own standalone front and backend, created using Next.JS.

It allows you to enter a meeting link. A meeting bot will be summoned to the meeting and will start recording.

After the meeting, the recording will be available in the interface, and there is a button to transcribe & summarize the meeting using AI. (Uses OpenAI Whisper and GPT-4o.)

## Running

Ensure the backend and frontend are both running before you start the example app.
Alternativley, you can modify your example application to point to a hosted backend.

### Install dependencies
```bash
cd src/example-app
pnpm install
```

### Setup environment variables
Copy the environment variables from the example file.
```bash
cd src/example-app
cp .env.example .env
```
Fill in the necessary values.

### Run the development server:
```bash
cd src/example-app
pnpm run dev
```

It will run on port 3002.

Important: if using an external backend, make sure you host and forward port 3002 using an application like ngrok.
This will allow the MeetingBot application to communicate with this application. 

```bash
ngrok http 3002
```

Commit message:

refactor: replace SSE with manual recording fetch for serverless compatibility (#307)
### TL;DR

Replaced SSE implementation with a manual recording fetch button to support serverless environments.

### What changed?

- Removed Server-Sent Events (SSE) implementation from the callback API route
- Added a "Check for Recording" button in the RecordingPlayer component to manually fetch recordings
- Updated the README to explain why we switched from automatic population to a manual button
- Fixed response parsing in MeetingBotCreator component
- Removed client tracking and notification code that was used for SSE

### How to test?

1. Run the example app
2. Create a meeting bot by entering a meeting link
3. After the meeting ends, click the "Check for Recording" button
4. Verify the recording appears and can be played
5. Test the transcribe and summarize functionality

### Why make this change?

The previous implementation used Server-Sent Events (SSE) to automatically update the UI when recordings became available. However, SSE connections are not well-supported in serverless environments due to their long-lived nature. This change makes the application compatible with serverless deployments by replacing the automatic updates with a manual fetch button, ensuring the example app can run in a wider range of hosting environments.

src/example-app/README.md, after:

# Example Application

This is an example application with the intention of helping you understand how the project can intergrate into your own code bases.
Thus, this application is a skeleton project with its own standalone front and backend, created using Next.JS.

It allows you to enter a meeting link. A meeting bot will be summoned to the meeting and will start recording.

After the meeting, the recording will be available in the interface, and there is a button to transcribe & summarize the meeting using AI. (Uses OpenAI Whisper and GPT-4o.)

Note: The MeetingBot server automatically sends the recording to this application's NextJS backend when the meeting is finished. However, we still need a button in this example app frontend to fetch the recording from this example app's NextJS backend. (We had it automatically populate before using SSE, but we had to remove SSE in order for this example app to run in a serverless environment.)

## Running

Ensure the backend and frontend are both running before you start the example app.
Alternativley, you can modify your example application to point to a hosted backend.

### Install dependencies
```bash
cd src/example-app
pnpm install
```

### Setup environment variables
Copy the environment variables from the example file.
```bash
cd src/example-app
cp .env.example .env
```
Fill in the necessary values.

### Run the development server:
```bash
cd src/example-app
pnpm run dev
```

It will run on port 3002.

Important: if using an external backend, make sure you host and forward port 3002 using an application like ngrok.
This will allow the MeetingBot application to communicate with this application. 

```bash
ngrok http 3002
```
